1 Humans are naturally omnivorous, as dictated by our physiological needs, and veganism is a health risk. And since [explanation], I claim that Veganism is not good for everyone
 1 vegans can't figure out how to eat without being at risk
 0 vegans can figure out how to eat without being at risk


1 Comment sections provide a voice to thoughts and ideas outside the scope of regular editorial content. And since [explanation], I claim that Comment sections have not failed
 1 those ideas are rarely lunatic
 0 those ideas are often lunatic


0 Vaccination should remain a personal choice. And since [explanation], I claim that Vaccination should not be mandatory for all children
 1 children can make personal choices for themselves under the law
 0 children can't make personal choices for themselves under the law

-- hard but 1 was correct


0 The UC system admits far fewer CA high school students than it was designed to. And since [explanation], I claim that Public universities are neglecting in-state students
 1 colleges don't need to generate revenue and out of state students paying higher tuition doesn't help the colleges grow and offer more
 0 colleges need to generate revenue and out of state students pay higher tuition it helps the colleges grow and offer more

-- 1 was correct


0 The Euro is a direct result of countries ignoring economists. And since [explanation], I claim that Economists are not overrated
 1 The Euro is worth keeping.
 0 The Euro is not worth keeping.

-- nonsense


2 When activists try to be politicians it is clear they are only pursuing their own narrow objectives and visions, just to stroke their own ego. And since [explanation], I claim that Activists cannot be politicians
 1 this is not what every politician does
 0 this is exactly what every politician does

-- nonsense

0 It usually leads to rebellion. And since [explanation], I claim that Extreme parenting is counterproductive
 1 rebellion is not the source of bold thinking
 0 rebellion is the source of bold thinking

-- that was true (but hard)

2 These games really only serve as a frivolous event that benefits construction companies with connections. And since [explanation], I claim that Olympics are more trouble
 1 constructions companies with lots of projects means less jobs for the region
 0 constructions companies with lots of projects means more jobs for the region

-- right, nonsense